provenance RFC: add link to alternative LLVM proposal (#3580)
rust-lang/rfcs: text/3559-rust-has-provenance.md

Those optimization cannot be justified with any form of provenance, and LLVM's alias analysis cannot be justified without some form of provenance.
Furthermore, LLVM needs to decide whether the `iN` type carries provenance or not.
[This proposal](https://discourse.llvm.org/t/a-memory-model-for-llvm-ir-supporting-limited-type-punning/61948) describes how an `iN` type with provenance could work.
If `iN` does not carry provenance, then a ["byte" type](https://lists.llvm.org/pipermail/llvm-dev/2021-June/151521.html) that *does* carry provenance is required, as without such a type it would be impossible to load and store individual bytes (or in general, anything but a ptr-sized chunk of memory) in a provenance-preserving manner.
LLVM has been stuck in this limbo (various proposals but no consensus on how to proceed) for a while, without visible recent progress.
If LLVM ends up accepting either of these proposals, it will be entirely compatible with this RFC.
If LLVM makes some different choice, that might be incompatible with Rust's choices.
However, it's not possible to specify Rust in a way that is compatible with "whatever LLVM will do".

> There has been no progress on these questions on the side of the LLVM project for many years (as far as the author is aware), and no concrete proposal aside from the one sketched above, so there are only two options: (a) wait until LLVM does something, and then do something compatible in Rust, or (b) do something that makes sense for Rust, and if eventually there is movement on the LLVM side, work with them to ensure Rust's needs are covered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There has been no progress on these questions on the side of the LLVM project for many years (as far as the author is aware), and no concrete proposals aside from the ones sketched above, so there are only two options: (a) wait until LLVM does something, and then do something compatible in Rust, or (b) do something that makes sense for Rust, and if eventually there is movement on the LLVM side, work with them to ensure Rust's needs are covered.
```
